docs: fix confustion about libmali in hardware-transcoding.md (#13226)
immich-app/immich: docs/docs/features/hardware-transcoding.md

- You must have a supported Rockchip ARM SoC.
- Only RK3588 supports hardware tonemapping, other SoCs use slower software tonemapping while still using hardware encoding.

> - Tonemapping requires `/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libmali.so.1` to be present on your host system. Install [`libmali that correspond to your mail gpu`][libmali-rockchip] and modify the [`hwaccel.transcoding.yml`][hw-file] file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tonemapping requires `/usr/lib/aarch64-linux-gnu/libmali.so.1` to be present on your host system. Install the [`libmali`][libmali-rockchip] release that corresponds to your Mali GPU (`libmali-valhall-g610-g13p0-gbm` on RK3588) and modify the [`hwaccel.transcoding.yml`][hw-file] file:
```
